---
source_url: "https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/automating-your-project/automating-projects-using-actions"
type: webpage
title: "Automating Projects using Actions - GitHub Docs"
captured_at: 2026-04-24T17:25:16.435635+00:00
contributor: "unknown"
---

# Automating Projects using Actions - GitHub Docs

Source: https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/automating-your-project/automating-projects-using-actions

---

Automating Projects using Actions - GitHub Docs Skip to main content GitHub Docs Version: Free, Pro, &amp; Team Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Select language: current language is English Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Open menu Open Sidebar GitHub Issues / Projects / Automating projects / Automating with Actions Home GitHub Issues Issues Learning about issues About issues Quickstart for GitHub Issues Planning and tracking work for your team or project Using issues Create an issue Adding sub-issues Creating issue dependencies Assign issues &amp; PRs Editing an issue View all issues &amp; PRs Browsing sub-issues Filter and search Create branch for issue Link PR to issue About slash commands Managing issue types Managing issue fields Using issue fields Administering issues Triage an issue Pin an issue Marking issues or pull requests as a duplicate Transfer an issue Close an issue Deleting an issue Duplicate an issue Projects Learning about Projects About Projects Quickstart for Projects Best practices for Projects Creating projects Creating a project Copying a project Managing items in your project Adding items Converting draft issues Editing items Archiving items Understanding fields About text and number fields About date fields About single select fields About iteration fields About issue fields About sub-issue fields About pull request fields About the issue type field Renaming custom fields Deleting custom fields Customizing views Changing the layout Customizing tables Customizing boards Customizing roadmaps Filtering projects Managing your views Automating projects Using built-in automations Automating with the API Automating with Actions Adding items automatically Archiving items automatically Viewing insights About insights for Projects Creating charts Configuring charts Managing your project Managing project visibility Managing project access Managing templates Closing and deleting projects Adding a project to a repo Adding a project to a team Exporting your project data Finding your projects Sharing project updates Labels and milestones Managing labels About milestones Create &amp; edit milestones Add to milestones Filter by milestone View progress to milestone GitHub Issues / Projects / Automating projects / Automating with Actions Automating Projects using Actions You can use GitHub Actions to automate your projects. Copy as Markdown In this article GitHub Actions workflows Example workflow authenticating with a GitHub App Example workflow authenticating with a personal access token GitHub Actions workflows This article demonstrates how to use the GraphQL API and GitHub Actions to add a pull request to an organization project. In the example workflows, when the pull request is marked as "ready for review", a new task is added to the project with a "Status" field set to "Todo", and the current date is added to a custom "Date posted" field. You can copy one of the workflows below and modify it as described in the table below to meet your needs. A project can span multiple repositories, but a workflow is specific to a repository. Add the workflow to each repository that you want your project to track. For more information about creating workflow files, see Quickstart for GitHub Actions . This article assumes that you have a basic understanding of GitHub Actions. For more information about GitHub Actions, see GitHub Actions documentation . For more information about other changes you can make to your project through the API, see Using the API to manage Projects . You may also want to use the actions/add-to-project workflow, which is maintained by GitHub and will add the current issue or pull request to the project specified. For more information, see the actions/add-to-project repository and README. Note GITHUB_TOKEN is scoped to the repository level and cannot access projects. To access projects you can either create a GitHub App (recommended for organization projects) or a personal access token (recommended for user projects). Workflow examples for both approaches are shown below. Example workflow authenticating with a GitHub App For more information about authenticating in a GitHub Actions workflow with a GitHub App, see Making authenticated API requests with a GitHub App in a GitHub Actions workflow . Create a GitHub App or choose an existing GitHub App owned by your organization. For more information, see Registering a GitHub App . Give your GitHub App read and write permissions to organization projects. For this specific example, your GitHub App will also need read permissions to repository pull requests and repository issues. For more information, see Modifying a GitHub App registration . Note You can control your app's permission to organization projects and to repository projects. You must give permission to read and write organization projects; permission to read and write repository projects will not be sufficient. Install the GitHub App in your organization. Install it for all repositories that your project needs to access. For more information, see Installing your own GitHub App . Store your GitHub App's ID as a configuration variable in your repository or organization. In the following workflow, replace APP_ID with the name of the configuration variable. You can find your app ID on the settings page for your app or through the App API. For more information, see REST API endpoints for apps . For more information about configuration variables, see Store information in variables . Generate a private key for your app. Store the contents of the resulting file as a secret in your repository or organization. (Store the entire contents of the file, including -----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY----- and -----END RSA PRIVATE KEY----- .) In the following workflow, replace APP_PEM with the name of the secret. For more information, see Managing private keys for GitHub Apps . For more information about storing secrets, see Using secrets in GitHub Actions . In the following workflow, replace YOUR_ORGANIZATION with the name of your organization. For example, octo-org . Replace YOUR_PROJECT_NUMBER with your project number. To find the project number, look at the project URL. For example, https://github.com/orgs/octo-org/projects/5 has a project number of 5. In order for this specific example to work, your project must also have a "Date posted" date field. YAML Beside Inline # name: Add PR to project # This workflow runs whenever a pull request in the repository is marked as "ready for review". on: pull_request: types: - ready_for_review jobs: track_pr: runs-on: ubuntu-latest steps: # Uses the [actions/create-github-app-token](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/create-github-app-token) action to generate an installation access token for your app from the app ID and private key. The installation access token is accessed later in the workflow as `${{ steps.generate-token.outputs.token }}`. # # Replace `APP_ID` with the name of the configuration variable that contains your app ID. # # Replace `APP_PEM` with the name of the secret that contains your app private key. - name: Generate token id: generate-token uses: actions/create-github-app-token@v2 with: app-id: ${{ vars.APP_ID }} private-key: ${{ secrets.APP_PEM }} # Sets environment variables for this step. # # Replace `YOUR_ORGANIZATION` with the name of your organization. For example, `octo-org`. # # Replace `YOUR_PROJECT_NUMBER` with your project number. To find the project number, look at the project URL. For example, `https://github.com/orgs/octo-org/projects/5` has a project number of 5. - name: Get project data env: GH_TOKEN: ${{ steps.generate-token.outputs.token }} ORGANIZATION: YOUR_ORGANIZATION PROJECT_NUMBER: YOUR_PROJECT_NUMBER # Uses [GitHub CLI](https://cli.github.com/manual/) to query the API for the ID of the project and return the name and ID of the first 20 fields in the project. `fields` returns a union and the query uses inline fragments (`... on`) to return
