---
source_url: "https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/configuring-pull-request-merges/managing-a-merge-queue"
type: webpage
title: "Managing a merge queue - GitHub Docs"
captured_at: 2026-04-24T17:24:25.561421+00:00
contributor: "unknown"
---

# Managing a merge queue - GitHub Docs

Source: https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/configuring-pull-request-merges/managing-a-merge-queue

---

Managing a merge queue - GitHub Docs Skip to main content GitHub Docs Version: Free, Pro, &amp; Team Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Select language: current language is English Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Open menu Open Sidebar Repositories / Branches and merges / Configure PR merges / Managing merge queue Home Repositories Create &amp; manage repositories About repositories Best practices Quickstart for repositories Repository limits Creating a new repository Access to repositories Create from a template Create a template repo Issues-only repository Duplicating a repository Cloning a repository Troubleshooting cloning errors Renaming a repository Transferring a repository Deleting a repository Restore deleted repository View all repositories Manage repository settings Repository access and collaboration Invite collaborators Remove a collaborator Repository permissions Remove yourself Ownership continuity Customize your repository About READMEs Licensing a repository Display a sponsor button Social media preview Classify with topics About code owners Repository languages About CITATION files Enable features Disabling issues Disabling pull requests Disable projects Manage GitHub Actions settings Discussions Security &amp; analysis Manage repository settings Repository visibility Teams &amp; people Manage the forking policy Manage pull request reviews Manage default branch name Manage the commit signoff policy Manage the push policy Managing Git LFS objects in archives Email notifications for pushes Configure autolinks Manage auto-closing issues Manage models Branches and merges Manage branches View branches Renaming a branch Change the default branch Delete &amp; restore branches Configure PR merges About merge methods Configure commit merging Configure commit squashing Configure commit rebasing Managing merge queue Manage branch updates Manage auto merge Automatic branch deletion Manage protected branches About protected branches Branch protection rule Manage rulesets About rulesets Create a ruleset Manage a ruleset Available rules Troubleshooting Work with files Managing files Creating new files Add a file Move a file Edit files Renaming a file Delete files How changed files appear Using files Navigating code on GitHub View and understand files Permanent links to files Source code archives Working with non-code files Managing large files Large files Git Large File Storage Install Git LFS Configure Git LFS Collaboration Move a file to Git LFS Remove files Resolve upload failures Release projects About releases Manage releases View releases &amp; tags Searching releases Linking to releases Comparing releases Automated release notes Automate release forms View activity and data View deployment activity About repository graphs Using Pulse View repository traffic View project contributors Analyze changes Connections between repositories Using the activity view Archive a repository Archiving repositories Archive content &amp; data Reference &amp; cite content Backing up a repository Repositories / Branches and merges / Configure PR merges / Managing merge queue Managing a merge queue You can increase development velocity with a merge queue for pull requests in your repository. Who can use this feature? People with admin permissions can manage merge queues for pull requests targeting selected branches of a repository. Pull request merge queues are available in any public repository owned by an organization, or in private repositories owned by organizations using GitHub Enterprise Cloud. For more information, see GitHub's plans . Copy as Markdown In this article About merge queues Configuring continuous integration (CI) workflows for merge queues Managing a merge queue How merge queues work Further reading About merge queues A merge queue helps increase velocity by automating pull request merges into a busy branch and ensuring the branch is never broken by incompatible changes. The merge queue provides the same benefits as the Require branches to be up to date before merging branch protection, but does not require a pull request author to update their pull request branch and wait for status checks to finish before trying to merge. Using a merge queue is particularly useful on branches that have a relatively high number of pull requests merging each day from many different users. Once a pull request has passed all required branch protection checks, a user with write access to the repository can add the pull request to the queue. The merge queue will ensure the pull request's changes pass all required status checks when applied to the latest version of the target branch and any pull requests already in the queue. A merge queue may use GitHub Actions or your own CI provider to run required checks on pull requests in a merge queue. For more information, see GitHub Actions documentation . For more information on merging a pull request using a merge queue, see Merging a pull request with a merge queue . Configuring continuous integration (CI) workflows for merge queues Note A merge queue cannot be enabled with branch protection rules that use wildcard characters ( * ) in the branch name pattern. A merge queue will wait for required checks to be reported before it can proceed with merging. You must update your CI configuration to trigger and report on merge group events when requiring a merge queue. Merge queue and pull requests checks are coupled and configured under branch protection rules or rulesets. For more information, see Managing a merge queue . Triggering merge group checks with GitHub Actions You must use the merge_group event to trigger your GitHub Actions workflow when a pull request is added to a merge queue. Note If your repository uses GitHub Actions to perform required checks on pull requests in your repository, you need to update the workflows to include the merge_group event as an additional trigger. Otherwise, status checks will not be triggered when you add a pull request to a merge queue. The merge will fail as the required status check will not be reported. The merge_group event is separate from the pull_request and push events. A workflow that reports a check which is required by the target branch's protections would look like this: on: pull_request: merge_group: For more information on the merge_group event, see Events that trigger workflows . Triggering merge group checks with third-party CI providers With third-party CI providers, you will need to update your CI configuration to run when a branch that begins with the special prefix gh-readonly-queue/{base_branch} is pushed to. These are the temporary branches that are created on your behalf by a merge queue and contain a different sha from the pull request. Managing a merge queue Repository administrators can require a merge queue by enabling the branch protection setting "Require merge queue" in the protection rules for the base branch. For more information, see Managing a branch protection rule . Once you have enabled the "Require merge queue" setting, you can also access the following settings: Merge method: Select which method to use when merging queued pull requests: merge, rebase, or squash. Build concurrency: The maximum number of merge_group webhooks to dispatch (between 1 and 100 ), throttling the total amount of concurrent CI builds. This affects the velocity of merges that a merge queue can complete. Only merge non-failing pull requests: This setting determines how a merge queue forms groups of pull requests to be merged. Enabled? Description Yes All pull requests must satisfy required checks to be merged. No Pull requests that have failed required checks can be added to a group as long as the last pull request in the group has passed required checks. If the last pull request in the group has passed required checks, this means that the checks have passed for the combined set of changes in the merge group. Leaving this checkbox unselected can be u
