---
source_url: "https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/understanding-fields/about-iteration-fields"
type: webpage
title: "About iteration fields - GitHub Docs"
captured_at: 2026-04-24T17:21:16.602872+00:00
contributor: "unknown"
---

# About iteration fields - GitHub Docs

Source: https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/understanding-fields/about-iteration-fields

---

About iteration fields - GitHub Docs Skip to main content GitHub Docs Version: Free, Pro, &amp; Team Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Select language: current language is English Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Open menu Open Sidebar GitHub Issues / Projects / Understanding fields / About iteration fields Home GitHub Issues Issues Learning about issues About issues Quickstart for GitHub Issues Planning and tracking work for your team or project Using issues Create an issue Adding sub-issues Creating issue dependencies Assign issues &amp; PRs Editing an issue View all issues &amp; PRs Browsing sub-issues Filter and search Create branch for issue Link PR to issue About slash commands Managing issue types Managing issue fields Using issue fields Administering issues Triage an issue Pin an issue Marking issues or pull requests as a duplicate Transfer an issue Close an issue Deleting an issue Duplicate an issue Projects Learning about Projects About Projects Quickstart for Projects Best practices for Projects Creating projects Creating a project Copying a project Managing items in your project Adding items Converting draft issues Editing items Archiving items Understanding fields About text and number fields About date fields About single select fields About iteration fields About issue fields About sub-issue fields About pull request fields About the issue type field Renaming custom fields Deleting custom fields Customizing views Changing the layout Customizing tables Customizing boards Customizing roadmaps Filtering projects Managing your views Automating projects Using built-in automations Automating with the API Automating with Actions Adding items automatically Archiving items automatically Viewing insights About insights for Projects Creating charts Configuring charts Managing your project Managing project visibility Managing project access Managing templates Closing and deleting projects Adding a project to a repo Adding a project to a team Exporting your project data Finding your projects Sharing project updates Labels and milestones Managing labels About milestones Create &amp; edit milestones Add to milestones Filter by milestone View progress to milestone GitHub Issues / Projects / Understanding fields / About iteration fields About iteration fields You can create iterations to plan upcoming work and group items. Copy as Markdown In this article Adding an iteration field Adding new iterations Editing an iteration Inserting a break Moving items between iterations You can create an iteration field to associate items with specific repeating blocks of time. Iterations can be set to any length of time, can include breaks, and can be individually edited to modify name and date range. With projects, you can group by iteration to visualize the balance of upcoming work, use filters to focus on a single iteration, and sort by iteration. You can filter for iterations by specifying the iteration name or @current for the current iteration, @previous for the previous iteration, or @next for the next iteration. You can also use operators such as > , >= , &#x3C; , &#x3C;= , and .. . For example, iteration:>"Iteration 4" and iteration:&#x3C;@current . For more information, see Filtering projects . When you first create an iteration field, three iterations are automatically created. You can add additional iterations and make other changes on your project's settings page. If your project makes use of iteration fields, you can use the roadmap layout to view items on a timeline. For more information, see Changing the layout of a view and Customizing the roadmap layout . Adding an iteration field In table view, in the rightmost field header, click . Click New field . At the top of the dropdown, type the name of your new field. Under "Field type", select Iteration . Optionally, if you don't want the iteration to start today, select the calendar dropdown next to "Starts on" and choose a new start date. To change the duration of each iteration, type a new number, then select the dropdown and click either days or weeks . Click Save . Adding new iterations Navigate to your project. In the top-right, click to open the menu. In the menu, click Settings to access the project settings. Click the name of the iteration field you want to adjust. To add a new iteration of the same duration, click Add iteration . Optionally, to customize the duration of the new iteration and when it will start, click More options , select a starting date and duration, and click Add . Click Save changes . Editing an iteration You can edit iterations in your project settings. You can also access the settings for an iteration field by clicking in the table header for the field and clicking Edit values . Navigate to your project. In the top-right, click to open the menu. In the menu, click Settings to access the project settings. In the list on the left, click the name of the iteration field you want to adjust. To change the name of an iteration, click on the name and start typing. To change the date or duration of an iteration, click on the date to open the calendar. Click on the start day, then click the end day, and then click Apply . Optionally, to delete an iteration, on the right of the iteration, click . Click Save changes . Inserting a break You can insert breaks into your iterations to communicate when you are taking time away from scheduled work. The duration of a new break defaults to the length of the most recently created iteration. Navigate to your project. In the top-right, click to open the menu. In the menu, click Settings to access the project settings. Click the name of the iteration field you want to adjust. Hover over the dividing line above an iteration, then click Insert break . Optionally, to change the duration of the break, click on the date to open the calendar. Click on the start day, then click the end day, and then click Apply . Click Save changes . Moving items between iterations When a project view is grouped by an iteration field, you can bulk-move all items from one iteration to another. This is useful for rolling over unfinished work to the next sprint, rescheduling items during reprioritization, or clearing a backlog iteration. Navigate to your project. In your project, group a view by an iteration field. For more information, see Customizing the table layout . Click in the group header for the iteration you want to move items from. Click Move items to... . Select the target iteration you want to move the items to. Confirm the move. All items in the group are updated to the target iteration. Help and support Did you find what you needed? Yes No Privacy policy Help us make these docs great! All GitHub docs are open source. See something that&#x27;s wrong or unclear? Submit a pull request. Make a contribution Learn how to contribute Still need help? Ask the GitHub community Contact support Legal © 2026 GitHub, Inc. Terms Privacy Status Pricing Expert services Blog
