---
source_url: "https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/understanding-fields/about-text-and-number-fields"
type: webpage
title: "About text and number fields - GitHub Docs"
captured_at: 2026-04-24T17:23:47.084913+00:00
contributor: "unknown"
---

# About text and number fields - GitHub Docs

Source: https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/understanding-fields/about-text-and-number-fields

---

About text and number fields - GitHub Docs Skip to main content GitHub Docs Version: Free, Pro, &amp; Team Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Select language: current language is English Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Open menu Open Sidebar GitHub Issues / Projects / Understanding fields / About text and number fields Home GitHub Issues Issues Learning about issues About issues Quickstart for GitHub Issues Planning and tracking work for your team or project Using issues Create an issue Adding sub-issues Creating issue dependencies Assign issues &amp; PRs Editing an issue View all issues &amp; PRs Browsing sub-issues Filter and search Create branch for issue Link PR to issue About slash commands Managing issue types Managing issue fields Using issue fields Administering issues Triage an issue Pin an issue Marking issues or pull requests as a duplicate Transfer an issue Close an issue Deleting an issue Duplicate an issue Projects Learning about Projects About Projects Quickstart for Projects Best practices for Projects Creating projects Creating a project Copying a project Managing items in your project Adding items Converting draft issues Editing items Archiving items Understanding fields About text and number fields About date fields About single select fields About iteration fields About issue fields About sub-issue fields About pull request fields About the issue type field Renaming custom fields Deleting custom fields Customizing views Changing the layout Customizing tables Customizing boards Customizing roadmaps Filtering projects Managing your views Automating projects Using built-in automations Automating with the API Automating with Actions Adding items automatically Archiving items automatically Viewing insights About insights for Projects Creating charts Configuring charts Managing your project Managing project visibility Managing project access Managing templates Closing and deleting projects Adding a project to a repo Adding a project to a team Exporting your project data Finding your projects Sharing project updates Labels and milestones Managing labels About milestones Create &amp; edit milestones Add to milestones Filter by milestone View progress to milestone GitHub Issues / Projects / Understanding fields / About text and number fields About text and number fields You can add custom text and number fields to your project. Copy as Markdown In this article Adding a text field Adding a number field Setting a default value You can use text fields to include notes or any other freeform text in your project. Text fields can be used in filters, for example: field:"exact text" . Text fields and item titles will also be used if you filter for text without specifying a field. Number fields can also be used in filters. You can use > , >= , &#x3C; , &#x3C;= , and .. range queries to filter by a number field. For example: field:5..15 or field:>=20 . For more information, see Filtering projects . Adding a text field In table view, in the rightmost field header, click . Click New field . At the top of the dropdown, type the name of your new field. Select Text . Click Save . Adding a number field In table view, in the rightmost field header, click . Click New field . At the top of the dropdown, type the name of your new field. Select Number . Click Save . Setting a default value Set a default value for text or number fields. New items added to the project are automatically pre-populated with that value. Navigate to your project. In the top-right, click to open the menu. In the menu, click Settings to access the project settings. Click the name of the text or number field to configure. In the Default value field, type the value to use as the default. Click Save . To remove a default value, clear the Default value field, then click Save . Removing a default value does not affect existing items in the project. Help and support Did you find what you needed? Yes No Privacy policy Help us make these docs great! All GitHub docs are open source. See something that&#x27;s wrong or unclear? Submit a pull request. Make a contribution Learn how to contribute Still need help? Ask the GitHub community Contact support Legal © 2026 GitHub, Inc. Terms Privacy Status Pricing Expert services Blog
