---
source_url: "https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/learning-about-projects/about-projects"
type: webpage
title: "About Projects - GitHub Docs"
captured_at: 2026-04-24T17:19:44.342323+00:00
contributor: "unknown"
---

# About Projects - GitHub Docs

Source: https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/learning-about-projects/about-projects

---

About Projects - GitHub Docs Skip to main content GitHub Docs Version: Free, Pro, &amp; Team Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Select language: current language is English Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Open menu Open Sidebar GitHub Issues / Projects / Learning about Projects / About Projects Home GitHub Issues Issues Learning about issues About issues Quickstart for GitHub Issues Planning and tracking work for your team or project Using issues Create an issue Adding sub-issues Creating issue dependencies Assign issues &amp; PRs Editing an issue View all issues &amp; PRs Browsing sub-issues Filter and search Create branch for issue Link PR to issue About slash commands Managing issue types Managing issue fields Using issue fields Administering issues Triage an issue Pin an issue Marking issues or pull requests as a duplicate Transfer an issue Close an issue Deleting an issue Duplicate an issue Projects Learning about Projects About Projects Quickstart for Projects Best practices for Projects Creating projects Creating a project Copying a project Managing items in your project Adding items Converting draft issues Editing items Archiving items Understanding fields About text and number fields About date fields About single select fields About iteration fields About issue fields About sub-issue fields About pull request fields About the issue type field Renaming custom fields Deleting custom fields Customizing views Changing the layout Customizing tables Customizing boards Customizing roadmaps Filtering projects Managing your views Automating projects Using built-in automations Automating with the API Automating with Actions Adding items automatically Archiving items automatically Viewing insights About insights for Projects Creating charts Configuring charts Managing your project Managing project visibility Managing project access Managing templates Closing and deleting projects Adding a project to a repo Adding a project to a team Exporting your project data Finding your projects Sharing project updates Labels and milestones Managing labels About milestones Create &amp; edit milestones Add to milestones Filter by milestone View progress to milestone GitHub Issues / Projects / Learning about Projects / About Projects About Projects Projects is an adaptable, flexible tool for planning and tracking work on GitHub. Copy as Markdown In this article About Projects Next steps About Projects A project is an adaptable table, board, and roadmap that integrates with your issues and pull requests on GitHub to help you plan and track your work effectively at the user or organization level. You can create and customize multiple views by filtering, sorting, slicing, and grouping your issues and pull requests to manage your team backlogs and roadmaps, visualize work with configurable charts, add custom fields to track metadata specific to your team, create templates, share status updates, and automate your projects. Rather than enforcing a specific methodology, a project provides flexible features you can customize to your team’s needs and processes. To get started and create a project, see Creating a project . To learn more about the different layouts, see Changing the layout of a view . Staying up-to-date Your projects are built from the issues and pull requests you add, creating direct references between your project and your work. Information is synced automatically to your project as you make changes, updating your views and charts. This integration works both ways, so that when you change information about a pull request or issue in your project, the pull request or issue reflects that information. For example, change an assignee in your project and that change is shown in your issue. You can take this integration even further, group your project by assignee, and make changes to issue assignment by dragging issues into the different groups. To learn more about managing items in your project, see Adding items to your project and Editing items in your project . Viewing your project from different perspectives Quickly answer your most pressing questions by tailoring your project view to give you the information you need. You can save these views, allowing you to quickly return to them as needed and make them available to your team. Views not only let you scope down the items listed but also offer three different layout options. You can view your project as a high-density table layout, as a kanban board, or a timeline-style roadmap. These customized views help you manage your team backlog, perform iteration planning, plan your roadmap, plan for a feature release, or triage bugs, right next to the code. For more information about the different layout options, see Changing the layout of a view . Adding metadata to your items You can use custom fields to add metadata to your issues, pull requests, and draft issues and build a richer view of item attributes. You’re not limited to the built-in metadata (assignee, milestone, labels, etc.) that currently exists for issues and pull requests. For example, you can add the following metadata as custom fields: A date field to track target ship dates. A number field to track the complexity of a task. A single select field to track whether a task is Low, Medium, or High priority. A text field to add a quick note. An iteration field to plan work week-by-week, including support for breaks. You can use up to 50 fields in a project, including built-in metadata and custom fields. To learn more about the different fields you can add to a project, see Understanding fields and Managing items in your project . Automating your projects There are a number of ways you can add automation to your project. Built-in workflows allow you to automatically set fields when items are added or changed, and you can also configure your project to automatically archive items when they meet certain criteria and automatically add items from a repository when they match set criteria. For more information, see Using the built-in automations . You can also use the GraphQL API and GitHub Actions to take even greater control of your project. For more information, see Using the API to manage Projects and Automating Projects using Actions . Viewing charts and insights You can use insights for Projects to view, create, and customize charts that use the items added to your project as their source data. You can apply filters to the default chart and also create your own charts. When you create a chart, you set the filters, chart type, the information displayed, and the chart is available to anyone that can view the project. For more information, see About insights for Projects . Creating project templates You can create project templates for your organization, or set a project as a template, to share a pre-configured project with other people in your organization which they can then use as the base for their projects. Project templates include the views, custom fields, draft issues and associated fields, configured workflows (except any auto-add workflows), and insights. For more information, see Managing project templates in your organization . Sharing status updates You can keep your team up to date and share high-level overviews, which people can use to determine the status of your project. You can set a status, such as "On track" or "At risk", to allow people to quickly determine the current state of the project. You can also set start dates and target dates. Your status update can also contain a message that supports formatting with Markdown. Status updates are found on your project's side panel, below the description and README, and in the project's header and in lists when you're browsing projects. For more information, see Sharing project updates . Next steps Here are some helpful resources for taking your next steps with Projects: To learn about getting started using projects, see Quickstart for Projects . To learn tips for managing
