---
source_url: "https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/managing-items-in-your-project/adding-items-to-your-project"
type: webpage
title: "Adding items to your project - GitHub Docs"
captured_at: 2026-04-24T17:21:05.673128+00:00
contributor: "unknown"
---

# Adding items to your project - GitHub Docs

Source: https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/managing-items-in-your-project/adding-items-to-your-project

---

Adding items to your project - GitHub Docs Skip to main content GitHub Docs Version: Free, Pro, &amp; Team Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Select language: current language is English Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Open menu Open Sidebar GitHub Issues / Projects / Managing items in your project / Adding items Home GitHub Issues Issues Learning about issues About issues Quickstart for GitHub Issues Planning and tracking work for your team or project Using issues Create an issue Adding sub-issues Creating issue dependencies Assign issues &amp; PRs Editing an issue View all issues &amp; PRs Browsing sub-issues Filter and search Create branch for issue Link PR to issue About slash commands Managing issue types Managing issue fields Using issue fields Administering issues Triage an issue Pin an issue Marking issues or pull requests as a duplicate Transfer an issue Close an issue Deleting an issue Duplicate an issue Projects Learning about Projects About Projects Quickstart for Projects Best practices for Projects Creating projects Creating a project Copying a project Managing items in your project Adding items Converting draft issues Editing items Archiving items Understanding fields About text and number fields About date fields About single select fields About iteration fields About issue fields About sub-issue fields About pull request fields About the issue type field Renaming custom fields Deleting custom fields Customizing views Changing the layout Customizing tables Customizing boards Customizing roadmaps Filtering projects Managing your views Automating projects Using built-in automations Automating with the API Automating with Actions Adding items automatically Archiving items automatically Viewing insights About insights for Projects Creating charts Configuring charts Managing your project Managing project visibility Managing project access Managing templates Closing and deleting projects Adding a project to a repo Adding a project to a team Exporting your project data Finding your projects Sharing project updates Labels and milestones Managing labels About milestones Create &amp; edit milestones Add to milestones Filter by milestone View progress to milestone GitHub Issues / Projects / Managing items in your project / Adding items Adding items to your project Learn how to add pull requests, issues, and draft issues to your projects individually or in bulk. Copy as Markdown In this article Adding issues and pull requests to a project Creating issues Creating draft issues Note A project can contain a maximum of 50,000 items across both active views and the archive page. To learn more about automatically archiving items when they meet specific criteria, see Archiving items automatically . Adding issues and pull requests to a project You have several options for adding issues and pull requests to your project. You can add them individually, automatically, or in bulk. Furthermore, you can include issues and pull requests from any organization, and you also have the ability to add draft issues that can be converted into regular issues later on. For more information, see Creating draft issues . When you add an issue or pull request to your project, an event will be added to the issue or pull request's timeline. Timeline events will also be added when you remove issues or pull requests and when changes are made to its status field for those items. Timeline events are only visible to people who have at least read permission for the project. If a change is made by a built-in workflow, the activity will be attributed to @github-project-automation . For more information about making bulk changes to your items after adding them, see Editing items in your project . Automatically adding issues and pull requests You can configure a built-in workflow to automatically add issues and pull requests from a repository when they meet specific filter criteria. For more information about configuring a workflow, see Adding items automatically . Pasting the URL of an issue or pull request You can copy the URL of an issue or pull request into your clipboard and paste that into your project. Place your cursor in the bottom row of the project, next to the . Paste the URL of the issue or pull request. To add the issue or pull request, press Return . Searching for an issue or pull request If you know the issue or pull request number or if you know part of the title, you can search for an issue or pull request directly from your project. Place your cursor in the bottom row of the project, next to the . To open the list of repositories, type # . Select the repository where the pull request or issue is located. You can type part of the repository name to narrow down your options. Select the issue or pull request. You can type part of the title to narrow down your options. Bulk adding issues and pull requests You can add multiple issues and pull requests from your project and use filters, such as label:bug , to narrow down your search. In the bottom row of the project, click . Click Add item from repository . Optionally, to change the repository, click the dropdown and select a repository. You can also search for specific issues and pull requests. Select the issues and pull requests you want to add. Click Add selected items . Adding multiple issues or pull requests from a repository You can also add issues and pull requests to your project from a repository's issue and pull request lists. On GitHub, navigate to the repository that contains the issues or pull requests you want to add to your project. Under your repository name, click Issues or Pull requests . Select the issues or pull requests you want to add to your project. To select individual issues or pull requests, to the left of the title of each issue or pull request you want to add to your project, select the checkbox. To select every issue or pull request on the page, at the top of the list of issues or pull requests, select all. Above the list of issues or pull requests, click Projects . Click the projects you want to add the selected issues or pull requests to. Assigning a project from within an issue or pull request You can also add an issue or pull request to your project from within the issue or pull request itself. Navigate to the issue or pull request that you want to add to a project. In the side bar, click Projects . Select the project that you want to add the issue or pull request to. Optionally, populate the custom fields. Using the command palette to add an issue or pull request You can use the command palette when viewing your project to quickly add items. To open the project command palette, press Command + K (Mac) or Ctrl + K (Windows/Linux). Start typing "Add items" and press Return . Optionally, to change the repository, click the dropdown and select a repository. You can also search for specific issues and pull requests. Select the issues and pull requests you want to add. Click Add selected items . Creating issues You can quickly create issues without leaving your project. When using a view that is grouped by a field, creating an issue in that group will automatically set the new issue's field to the group's value. For example, if you group your view by "Status", when you create an issue in the "Todo" group, the new issue's "Status" will automatically be set to "Todo." At the bottom of a table, group of items, or a column in board layout, click . Click Create new issue . At the top of the "Create new issue" dialog, select the repository where you want the new issue to be created. Below the repository dropdown, type a title for the new issue. Optionally, use the fields below the title field to set assignees, labels, and milestones, and add the new issue to other projects. Optionally, type a description for your issue. Optionally, if you want to create more issues, select Create more and the dialog will reopen when you create your issue. Click Create . Creating draft issues Dra
