---
source_url: "https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/learning-about-projects/best-practices-for-projects"
type: webpage
title: "Best practices for Projects - GitHub Docs"
captured_at: 2026-04-24T18:19:10.855422+00:00
contributor: "unknown"
---

# Best practices for Projects - GitHub Docs

Source: https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/learning-about-projects/best-practices-for-projects

---

Best practices for Projects - GitHub Docs Skip to main content GitHub Docs Version: Free, Pro, &amp; Team Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Select language: current language is English Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Open menu Open Sidebar GitHub Issues / Projects / Learning about Projects / Best practices for Projects Home GitHub Issues Issues Learning about issues About issues Quickstart for GitHub Issues Planning and tracking work for your team or project Using issues Create an issue Adding sub-issues Creating issue dependencies Assign issues &amp; PRs Editing an issue View all issues &amp; PRs Browsing sub-issues Filter and search Create branch for issue Link PR to issue About slash commands Managing issue types Managing issue fields Using issue fields Administering issues Triage an issue Pin an issue Marking issues or pull requests as a duplicate Transfer an issue Close an issue Deleting an issue Duplicate an issue Projects Learning about Projects About Projects Quickstart for Projects Best practices for Projects Creating projects Creating a project Copying a project Managing items in your project Adding items Converting draft issues Editing items Archiving items Understanding fields About text and number fields About date fields About single select fields About iteration fields About issue fields About sub-issue fields About pull request fields About the issue type field Renaming custom fields Deleting custom fields Customizing views Changing the layout Customizing tables Customizing boards Customizing roadmaps Filtering projects Managing your views Automating projects Using built-in automations Automating with the API Automating with Actions Adding items automatically Archiving items automatically Viewing insights About insights for Projects Creating charts Configuring charts Managing your project Managing project visibility Managing project access Managing templates Closing and deleting projects Adding a project to a repo Adding a project to a team Exporting your project data Finding your projects Sharing project updates Labels and milestones Managing labels About milestones Create &amp; edit milestones Add to milestones Filter by milestone View progress to milestone GitHub Issues / Projects / Learning about Projects / Best practices for Projects Best practices for Projects Learn tips for managing your projects. Copy as Markdown In this article Communicate across your issues and pull requests Break down large issues into smaller issues Make use of the description, README, and status updates to share information about a project Create customized views of your project items Use different field types to add metadata to your project items Use automation to keep your projects up to date automatically Create charts and insights to visualize and share progress Create project templates to standardize your workflows Link projects to teams and repositories Have a single source of truth Further reading You can use Projects to manage your work on GitHub, where your issues and pull requests live. Read on for tips to manage your projects efficiently and effectively. For more information about Projects, see About Projects . Communicate across your issues and pull requests Issues and pull requests include built-in features to let you easily communicate with your collaborators. Use @mentions to alert a person or entire team about a comment. Assign collaborators to issues to communicate responsibility. Link to related issues or pull requests to communicate how they are connected. Break down large issues into smaller issues Breaking a large issue into smaller issues makes the work more manageable and enables team members to work in parallel. It also leads to smaller pull requests, which are easier to review. You can add sub-issues to an issue to quickly break down larger pieces of work into smaller issues. Sub-issues add support for hierarchies of issues on GitHub by creating relationships between your issues. You can create multiple levels of sub-issues that accurately represent your project by breaking down tasks into exactly the amount of detail that you and your team require. See Adding sub-issues and Browsing sub-issues . You can also use issue types to classify work in repositories across the organization alongside sub-issues. For more information, see Managing issue types in an organization . To ensure efficient progress, clearly define which issues are blocked by, or blocking, other issues. See Creating issue dependencies . To track how smaller issues fit into the larger goal, use milestones or labels. For more information, see About milestones and Managing labels . Make use of the description, README, and status updates to share information about a project Use your project's description and README to share information about the project. For example: Explaining the purpose of the project. Describing the project views and how to use them. Including relevant links and people to contact for more information. Project READMEs support Markdown which allows you to use images and advanced formatting such as links, lists, and headers. For more information, see Creating a project . You can also share high-level updates with other users of your project by posting status updates. Status updates allow you to mark the project with a status, such as "On track" or "At risk", set start and target dates, and share written updates with your team. For more information, see Sharing project updates . Create customized views of your project items Use project views to look at your project from different angles using the table, board, and roadmap layout. Views allow you to manage your team backlog, weekly iterations, team roadmaps, and plans for a feature release, just to name a few. For example, you can customize views by: Filtering by status to view all un-started items Grouping by a custom priority field to monitor the volume of high priority items Sorting by a custom date field to view the items with the earliest target ship date Slicing by assignee to view team capacity Showing a field sum for an estimate to highlight complexity for a group of items Adding a column limit to a board column to maintain focus Here is an example table layout: Here is an example board layout: Here is an example roadmap layout: For more information, see Customizing views in your project . Use different field types to add metadata to your project items Take advantage of the various field types to meet your needs and add metadata to your issues, pull requests, and draft issues for richer views. You’re not limited to the built-in metadata (assignee, milestone, labels, etc.) that currently exists for issues and pull requests. For example, you can add the following metadata as custom fields: A date field to track target ship dates A number field to track the complexity of a task A single select field to track whether a task is Low, Medium, or High priority A text field to add a quick note An iteration field to plan work week-by-week, including support for breaks Use an iteration field to schedule work or create a timeline. You can group by iteration to see if items are balanced between iterations, or you can filter to focus on a single iteration. Iteration fields let you view work that you completed in past iterations, which can help with velocity planning and reflecting on your team's accomplishments. Iteration fields also support breaks to show when you and your team are taking time away from their iterations. See About iteration fields . Use a single select field to track information about a task based on a preset list of values. For example, track priority or project phase. Since the values are selected from a preset list, you can easily group or filter to focus on items with a specific value. For more information about the different field types, see Understanding fields . Use automation to keep your projects up to date automatically You can automate tasks to spend less ti
