---
source_url: "https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/creating-projects/creating-a-project"
type: webpage
title: "Creating a project - GitHub Docs"
captured_at: 2026-04-24T17:21:04.624397+00:00
contributor: "unknown"
---

# Creating a project - GitHub Docs

Source: https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/creating-projects/creating-a-project

---

Creating a project - GitHub Docs Skip to main content GitHub Docs Version: Free, Pro, &amp; Team Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Select language: current language is English Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Open menu Open Sidebar GitHub Issues / Projects / Creating projects / Creating a project Home GitHub Issues Issues Learning about issues About issues Quickstart for GitHub Issues Planning and tracking work for your team or project Using issues Create an issue Adding sub-issues Creating issue dependencies Assign issues &amp; PRs Editing an issue View all issues &amp; PRs Browsing sub-issues Filter and search Create branch for issue Link PR to issue About slash commands Managing issue types Managing issue fields Using issue fields Administering issues Triage an issue Pin an issue Marking issues or pull requests as a duplicate Transfer an issue Close an issue Deleting an issue Duplicate an issue Projects Learning about Projects About Projects Quickstart for Projects Best practices for Projects Creating projects Creating a project Copying a project Managing items in your project Adding items Converting draft issues Editing items Archiving items Understanding fields About text and number fields About date fields About single select fields About iteration fields About issue fields About sub-issue fields About pull request fields About the issue type field Renaming custom fields Deleting custom fields Customizing views Changing the layout Customizing tables Customizing boards Customizing roadmaps Filtering projects Managing your views Automating projects Using built-in automations Automating with the API Automating with Actions Adding items automatically Archiving items automatically Viewing insights About insights for Projects Creating charts Configuring charts Managing your project Managing project visibility Managing project access Managing templates Closing and deleting projects Adding a project to a repo Adding a project to a team Exporting your project data Finding your projects Sharing project updates Labels and milestones Managing labels About milestones Create &amp; edit milestones Add to milestones Filter by milestone View progress to milestone GitHub Issues / Projects / Creating projects / Creating a project Creating a project Learn how to create an organization or user project. Copy as Markdown In this article Creating a project Updating your project description and README Further reading Projects are an adaptable collection of items that stay up-to-date with GitHub data. Your projects can track issues, pull requests, and ideas that you note down. You can add custom fields and create views for specific purposes. You can also choose to use an existing project as a template and copy the views and custom fields to a new project. For more information, see Copying an existing project . Creating a project Creating an organization project Organization projects can track issues and pull requests from the organization's repositories. You can also set projects in your organization as templates, and curate a list of recommended templates to highlight, that other organization members can then use as the base for the projects they create. For more information, see Managing project templates in your organization . In the upper-right corner of GitHub, click your profile picture, then click Organizations . Click the name of your organization. Under your organization name, click Projects . Click New project . Select which type of project or template you want to use. To create a blank project, under "Start from scratch," click Table , Roadmap , or Board . To create a project from a template, click the template you want to use. You can select from the built-in templates curated by GitHub, the templates created by your organization, and the recommended templates that have been chosen by your organization. Optionally, if you selected a template, review the fields, views, workflows, and insights that will be created. In the text box under "Project name," type a name for your new project. Optionally, start your project with items already added by selecting Import items from repository . All new and existing items from the chosen repository will be added to your project, and it will be designated as your project's default repository. Click Create project . Creating a user project User projects can track issues and pull requests from the repositories owned by your personal account. In the top right corner of GitHub, click your profile picture, then click Your profile . On your profile, click Projects . Click New project . Select which type of project or template you want to use. To create a blank project, under "Start from scratch", click Table , Roadmap , or Board . To create a project from a template, click the built-in template that you want to use. Optionally, if you selected a template, review the fields, views, workflows, and insights that will be created. In the text box under "Project name", type a name for your new project. Click Create project . Updating your project description and README You can set your project's description and README to share the purpose of your project, provide instructions on how to use the project, and include any relevant links. Navigate to your project. In the top-right, click to open the menu. In the menu, click Settings to access the project settings. To add a short description to your project, under "Add a description", type your description in the text box and click Save . To update your project's README, under "README", type your content in the text box. You can format your README using Markdown. For more information, see Basic writing and formatting syntax . To toggle between the text box and a preview of your changes, click or . To save changes to your README, click Save . You can view and make quick changes to your project description and README by navigating to your project and clicking in the top right. Further reading Adding your project to a repository Adding items to your project Changing the layout of a view Help and support Did you find what you needed? Yes No Privacy policy Help us make these docs great! All GitHub docs are open source. See something that&#x27;s wrong or unclear? Submit a pull request. Make a contribution Learn how to contribute Still need help? Ask the GitHub community Contact support Legal © 2026 GitHub, Inc. Terms Privacy Status Pricing Expert services Blog
