---
source_url: "https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/customizing-views-in-your-project/customizing-the-table-layout"
type: webpage
title: "Customizing the table layout - GitHub Docs"
captured_at: 2026-04-24T17:23:44.559423+00:00
contributor: "unknown"
---

# Customizing the table layout - GitHub Docs

Source: https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/customizing-views-in-your-project/customizing-the-table-layout

---

Customizing the table layout - GitHub Docs Skip to main content GitHub Docs Version: Free, Pro, &amp; Team Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Select language: current language is English Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Open menu Open Sidebar GitHub Issues / Projects / Customizing views / Customizing tables Home GitHub Issues Issues Learning about issues About issues Quickstart for GitHub Issues Planning and tracking work for your team or project Using issues Create an issue Adding sub-issues Creating issue dependencies Assign issues &amp; PRs Editing an issue View all issues &amp; PRs Browsing sub-issues Filter and search Create branch for issue Link PR to issue About slash commands Managing issue types Managing issue fields Using issue fields Administering issues Triage an issue Pin an issue Marking issues or pull requests as a duplicate Transfer an issue Close an issue Deleting an issue Duplicate an issue Projects Learning about Projects About Projects Quickstart for Projects Best practices for Projects Creating projects Creating a project Copying a project Managing items in your project Adding items Converting draft issues Editing items Archiving items Understanding fields About text and number fields About date fields About single select fields About iteration fields About issue fields About sub-issue fields About pull request fields About the issue type field Renaming custom fields Deleting custom fields Customizing views Changing the layout Customizing tables Customizing boards Customizing roadmaps Filtering projects Managing your views Automating projects Using built-in automations Automating with the API Automating with Actions Adding items automatically Archiving items automatically Viewing insights About insights for Projects Creating charts Configuring charts Managing your project Managing project visibility Managing project access Managing templates Closing and deleting projects Adding a project to a repo Adding a project to a team Exporting your project data Finding your projects Sharing project updates Labels and milestones Managing labels About milestones Create &amp; edit milestones Add to milestones Filter by milestone View progress to milestone GitHub Issues / Projects / Customizing views / Customizing tables Customizing the table layout You can use the table layout to build a spreadsheet using your project's items, GitHub metadata, and your custom fields. Copy as Markdown In this article About the table layout Showing and hiding fields Grouping by field values Slicing by field values Reordering fields Reordering rows Sorting by field values Showing the sum of a number field About the table layout The table layout is a powerful and adaptable spreadsheet comprised of your issues, pull requests, and draft issues with metadata from GitHub and the custom fields you've added to your project. You can group, sort, and filter items, and show or hide fields in your table layouts to suit the needs of everyone on your team. For more information about changing a view to use the table layout, see Changing the layout of a view . Showing and hiding fields You can show or hide a specific field. Click View next to the search bar of the currently open view. Under "Configuration", click Fields . Select or deselect the fields you want to show or hide. You can also hide individual fields using the field headers. Next to the field you want to hide, click . Click Hide field . Grouping by field values You can group items by a custom field value. When items are grouped, if you drag an item to a new group, the value of that group is applied. For example, if you group by "Status" and then drag an item with a status of In progress to the Done group, the status of the item will switch to Done . Similarly, when you add a new item to a group, the new item is populated with the value of the group. Note You cannot group by title, labels, reviewers, or linked pull requests. Click View next to the search bar of the currently open view. Click Group by . Click the field you want to group by. Optionally, to disable grouping, click No grouping at the bottom of the list. Slicing by field values You can slice your items by a field to view a list of the field values in a separate panel. When you click on a value in the slice panel, the current view will adjust to only show items with that value. The slice panel works with the current filter applied to your view. Note You cannot slice by title, reviewers, or linked pull requests. Click View next to the search bar of the currently open view. Click Slice by . Click the field you want to slice by. Optionally, to disable slicing, click No slicing at the bottom of the list. With the slice panel open, you can change the current field by using the menu at the top of the slice panel. Reordering fields You can change the order of fields. Click the field header. While continuing to click, drag the field to the required location. Reordering rows You can change the order of rows. Click the number at the start of the row. While continuing to click, drag the row to the required location. Sorting by field values You can sort items by a field value. Click View next to the search bar of the currently open view. Click Sort . Click the field you want to sort by. Optionally, to add a secondary sort, click another field. Optionally, to change the direction of the sort for either field, click the field again. Optionally, to remove a sort, click one of the sorted fields, or click No sorting at the bottom of the list. Showing the sum of a number field You can configure a view to show the sum of one of more number fields, including a count of items in the group or column. For example, if you have a number field tracking the number of hours each item may take to complete, you can display of sum of those hours for each group or column. In a board layout, field sums are displayed at the top of each column. In table and roadmap layouts, when you enable grouping by a field, field sums are included in each group's header. Click View next to the search bar of the currently open view. Click Field sum . Select the fields you want to include. Help and support Did you find what you needed? Yes No Privacy policy Help us make these docs great! All GitHub docs are open source. See something that&#x27;s wrong or unclear? Submit a pull request. Make a contribution Learn how to contribute Still need help? Ask the GitHub community Contact support Legal © 2026 GitHub, Inc. Terms Privacy Status Pricing Expert services Blog
