---
source_url: "https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/customizing-views-in-your-project/filtering-projects"
type: webpage
title: "Filtering projects - GitHub Docs"
captured_at: 2026-04-24T17:21:10.078810+00:00
contributor: "unknown"
---

# Filtering projects - GitHub Docs

Source: https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/customizing-views-in-your-project/filtering-projects

---

Filtering projects - GitHub Docs Skip to main content GitHub Docs Version: Free, Pro, &amp; Team Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Select language: current language is English Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Open menu Open Sidebar GitHub Issues / Projects / Customizing views / Filtering projects Home GitHub Issues Issues Learning about issues About issues Quickstart for GitHub Issues Planning and tracking work for your team or project Using issues Create an issue Adding sub-issues Creating issue dependencies Assign issues &amp; PRs Editing an issue View all issues &amp; PRs Browsing sub-issues Filter and search Create branch for issue Link PR to issue About slash commands Managing issue types Managing issue fields Using issue fields Administering issues Triage an issue Pin an issue Marking issues or pull requests as a duplicate Transfer an issue Close an issue Deleting an issue Duplicate an issue Projects Learning about Projects About Projects Quickstart for Projects Best practices for Projects Creating projects Creating a project Copying a project Managing items in your project Adding items Converting draft issues Editing items Archiving items Understanding fields About text and number fields About date fields About single select fields About iteration fields About issue fields About sub-issue fields About pull request fields About the issue type field Renaming custom fields Deleting custom fields Customizing views Changing the layout Customizing tables Customizing boards Customizing roadmaps Filtering projects Managing your views Automating projects Using built-in automations Automating with the API Automating with Actions Adding items automatically Archiving items automatically Viewing insights About insights for Projects Creating charts Configuring charts Managing your project Managing project visibility Managing project access Managing templates Closing and deleting projects Adding a project to a repo Adding a project to a team Exporting your project data Finding your projects Sharing project updates Labels and milestones Managing labels About milestones Create &amp; edit milestones Add to milestones Filter by milestone View progress to milestone GitHub Issues / Projects / Customizing views / Filtering projects Filtering projects Use filters to choose which items appear in your project's views. Copy as Markdown In this article Filtering for fields Combining filters Negating a filter Filtering for items that have a value Filtering for items that are missing a value Filtering by item location Filtering for item state or item type Filtering by close reason Filtering for when an item was last updated Filtering number, date, and iteration fields Filtering assignees and reviewers using keywords Filtering iteration and date fields using keywords Filtering by text fields Filtering by issue type Filtering by parent issue You can customize which items appear in your views using filters for item metadata, such as assignees and the labels applied to issues, and by the fields in your project. You can combine filters and save them as views. For more information, see Managing your views . To filter a view, click and start typing the fields and values you would like to filter for. As you type, possible values will appear. You can also open the project command palette, by pressing Command + K (Mac) or Ctrl + K (Windows/Linux), and type "Filter by" to choose from the available filters. In board layout, you can click on item data to filter for items with that value. For example, click on an assignee to show only items for that assignee. To remove the filter, click the item data again. Using multiple filters will act as a logical AND filter. For example, label:bug status:"In progress" will return items with the bug label and the "In progress" status. You can also provide multiple values for the same field to act as a logical OR filter. For example, label:bug,support will return items with either the bug or support labels. Projects does not currently support logical OR filters across multiple fields. The same filters are available for charts you create using insights for Projects, allowing you to filter the data used to create your charts. For more information, see About insights for Projects . When you filter a view and then add an item, the filtered metadata will be applied to new item. For example, if you're filtering by status:"In progress" and you add an item, the new item will have its status set to "In progress." You can use filters to produce views for very specific purposes. For example, you could use assignee:@me status:todo last-updated:5days to create a view of all work assigned to the current user, with the "todo" status, that hasn't been updated in the last five days. You could create a triage view by using a negative filter, such as no:label no:assignee repo:octocat/game , which would show items without a label and without an assignee that are located in the octocat/game repository. Filtering for fields Qualifier Example assignee: USERNAME assignee:octocat will show items assigned to @octocat. label: LABEL label:bug will show items with the "bug" label applied. field: VALUE status:done will show items with the "status" field set to "done." reviewers: USERNAME reviewers:octocat will show items that have been reviewed by @octocat. milestone:" MILESTONE " milestone:"QA release" will show items assigned to the "QA release" milestone. Combining filters You can create filters for multiple fields. Your view will show items that match all filters. Qualifier Example assignee: USERNAME field: VALUE assignee:octocat priority:1 will show items assigned to @octocat that have a priority of 1 . You can also filter for multiple values from the same field. If you separate the values with commas, your view will show items that match any of the provided values. Qualifier Example assignee: USERNAME , USERNAME assignee:octocat,stevecat will show items assigned to either @octocat or @stevecat. To filter for multiple values from the same field but show items that match all of the provided values, you can repeat the qualifier for each value. Qualifier Example assignee: USERNAME assignee: USERNAME assignee:octocat assignee:stevecat will show items that are assigned to both @octocat and @stevecat. You can also combine filters that match some and match all items. Qualifier Example field: VALUE , VALUE assignee: USER assignee: USER label:bug,onboarding assignee:octocat assignee:stevecat will show items that have either the bug or onboarding labels but are assigned to both @octocat and @stevecat. Negating a filter You can invert any filter, including combinations, by prefixing with a hyphen. Qualifier Example -assignee: USERNAME -assignee:octocat will not show any items assigned to @octocat. -field: VALUE -status:done will not show any items with a status of "done." -field: VALUE,VALUE -priority:1,2 will not show any items with a priority of either 1 or 2. Filtering for items that have a value You can use has: to filter for items that have a value Qualifier Example has:assignee has:assignee will show items with an assignee. has:label has:label will show items with a label. has: FIELD has:priority will show items with a priority field value. Filtering for items that are missing a value You can use no: to filter for items that are missing a value Qualifier Example no:assignee no:assignee will show any unassigned items. no:reviewers no:reviewers will show pull requests that do not have a reviewer. no: FIELD no:priority will show items with an empty priority field. You can also prefix a hyphen to negate this behavior and only return items that have a value. Qualifier Example -no:assignee -no:assignee will only show items that are assigned. -no: FIELD -no:priority will only show items that have a value in the priority field. Filtering by item location Use the repo qualifier to filter for items in a particular repository. Qualifier Example repo: OWNER/REPO repo:
