---
source_url: "https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/finding-your-projects"
type: webpage
title: "Finding your projects - GitHub Docs"
captured_at: 2026-04-24T18:19:11.997741+00:00
contributor: "unknown"
---

# Finding your projects - GitHub Docs

Source: https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/finding-your-projects

---

Finding your projects - GitHub Docs Skip to main content GitHub Docs Version: Free, Pro, &amp; Team Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Select language: current language is English Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Open menu Open Sidebar GitHub Issues / Projects / Finding your projects Home GitHub Issues Issues Learning about issues About issues Quickstart for GitHub Issues Planning and tracking work for your team or project Using issues Create an issue Adding sub-issues Creating issue dependencies Assign issues &amp; PRs Editing an issue View all issues &amp; PRs Browsing sub-issues Filter and search Create branch for issue Link PR to issue About slash commands Managing issue types Managing issue fields Using issue fields Administering issues Triage an issue Pin an issue Marking issues or pull requests as a duplicate Transfer an issue Close an issue Deleting an issue Duplicate an issue Projects Learning about Projects About Projects Quickstart for Projects Best practices for Projects Creating projects Creating a project Copying a project Managing items in your project Adding items Converting draft issues Editing items Archiving items Understanding fields About text and number fields About date fields About single select fields About iteration fields About issue fields About sub-issue fields About pull request fields About the issue type field Renaming custom fields Deleting custom fields Customizing views Changing the layout Customizing tables Customizing boards Customizing roadmaps Filtering projects Managing your views Automating projects Using built-in automations Automating with the API Automating with Actions Adding items automatically Archiving items automatically Viewing insights About insights for Projects Creating charts Configuring charts Managing your project Managing project visibility Managing project access Managing templates Closing and deleting projects Adding a project to a repo Adding a project to a team Exporting your project data Finding your projects Sharing project updates Labels and milestones Managing labels About milestones Create &amp; edit milestones Add to milestones Filter by milestone View progress to milestone GitHub Issues / Projects / Finding your projects Finding your projects Learn how to locate projects in your account, organizations, repositories, and teams. Copy as Markdown In this article Browsing all of your projects Finding an organization&#x27;s projects Finding projects owned by your personal account Finding projects linked to a repository Finding projects linked to a team Syntax for filtering a list of projects Browsing all of your projects You can browse all of your projects, regardless of where they are located. You can see the projects you have recently viewed and the projects you have created, and apply your own filters. In the top left of any page, click to open the global navigation menu. In the menu, click Projects . Optionally, in the text box above the list of projects, enter a filter to choose which projects are displayed. For more information on filter syntax, see Syntax for filtering a list of projects in this article. Click on the name of the project you want to open. Finding an organization's projects You can view and filter all the projects owned by an organization that you have access to. In the upper-right corner of GitHub, click your profile picture, then click Organizations . Click the name of your organization. Under the organization name, click Projects . Optionally, in the text box above the list of projects, enter a filter to choose which projects are displayed. For more information on filter syntax, see Syntax for filtering a list of projects in this article. Click on the name of the project you want to open. Finding projects owned by your personal account You can view and filter projects that you have created under your personal account. In the top right corner of GitHub, click your profile picture, then click Your profile . On your profile, click Projects . Optionally, in the text box above the list of projects, enter a filter to choose which projects are displayed. For more information on filter syntax, see Syntax for filtering a list of projects in this article. Click on the name of the project you want to open. Finding projects linked to a repository Repositories can be linked to organization-level and user-level projects. You can browse and filter the projects that are linked to a specific repository. For more information on linking projects to a repository, see Adding your project to a repository . On GitHub, navigate to the main page of your repository. Click Projects . Optionally, in the text box above the list of projects, enter a filter to choose which projects are displayed. For more information on filter syntax, see Syntax for filtering a list of projects in this article. Click on the name of the project you want to open. Finding projects linked to a team You can also link a project to specific teams in an organization and then browse and filter the projects that are associated with a particular team. For more information on linking projects, see Adding your project to a team . In the upper-right corner of GitHub, click your profile picture, then click Organizations . Click the name of your organization. Under your organization name, click Teams . Click the name of the team. Click Projects . Optionally, in the text box above the list of projects, enter a filter to choose which projects are displayed. For more information on filter syntax, see Syntax for filtering a list of projects in this article. Click on the name of the project you want to open. Syntax for filtering a list of projects You can combine filters and even search project titles by including text. For example, is:open creator:octocat game will return open projects, created by the @octocat user, with the word "game" in the project title. You can use the search qualifiers in the following table to narrow down your search for a project. Qualifier Explanation is:open Returns projects that are currently open. is:closed Returns projects that are currently closed. is:template Returns projects that are marked as a template. is:private Returns projects are set to private visibility. is:public Returns projects are set to public visibility. creator:USERNAME Returns projects created by USERNAME. For example, creator:octocat will return projects created by @octocat. You can also change how the projects are ordered. Qualifier Explanation sort:title-asc Sort by project title. sort:updated-asc or sort:updated-desc Sort by when the project was last updated. sort:created-asc or sort:created-desc Sort by when the project was created. Help and support Did you find what you needed? Yes No Privacy policy Help us make these docs great! All GitHub docs are open source. See something that&#x27;s wrong or unclear? Submit a pull request. Make a contribution Learn how to contribute Still need help? Ask the GitHub community Contact support Legal © 2026 GitHub, Inc. Terms Privacy Status Pricing Expert services Blog
