---
source_url: "https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/managing-your-project/managing-project-templates-in-your-organization"
type: webpage
title: "Managing project templates in your organization - GitHub Docs"
captured_at: 2026-04-24T17:23:56.649068+00:00
contributor: "unknown"
---

# Managing project templates in your organization - GitHub Docs

Source: https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/managing-your-project/managing-project-templates-in-your-organization

---

Managing project templates in your organization - GitHub Docs Skip to main content GitHub Docs Version: Free, Pro, &amp; Team Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Select language: current language is English Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Open menu Open Sidebar GitHub Issues / Projects / Managing your project / Managing templates Home GitHub Issues Issues Learning about issues About issues Quickstart for GitHub Issues Planning and tracking work for your team or project Using issues Create an issue Adding sub-issues Creating issue dependencies Assign issues &amp; PRs Editing an issue View all issues &amp; PRs Browsing sub-issues Filter and search Create branch for issue Link PR to issue About slash commands Managing issue types Managing issue fields Using issue fields Administering issues Triage an issue Pin an issue Marking issues or pull requests as a duplicate Transfer an issue Close an issue Deleting an issue Duplicate an issue Projects Learning about Projects About Projects Quickstart for Projects Best practices for Projects Creating projects Creating a project Copying a project Managing items in your project Adding items Converting draft issues Editing items Archiving items Understanding fields About text and number fields About date fields About single select fields About iteration fields About issue fields About sub-issue fields About pull request fields About the issue type field Renaming custom fields Deleting custom fields Customizing views Changing the layout Customizing tables Customizing boards Customizing roadmaps Filtering projects Managing your views Automating projects Using built-in automations Automating with the API Automating with Actions Adding items automatically Archiving items automatically Viewing insights About insights for Projects Creating charts Configuring charts Managing your project Managing project visibility Managing project access Managing templates Closing and deleting projects Adding a project to a repo Adding a project to a team Exporting your project data Finding your projects Sharing project updates Labels and milestones Managing labels About milestones Create &amp; edit milestones Add to milestones Filter by milestone View progress to milestone GitHub Issues / Projects / Managing your project / Managing templates Managing project templates in your organization You can create templates or set projects as templates in your organization, allowing other people to select your template as the base for projects they create. Who can use this feature? People with admin permissions for a project in an organization can set the project as a template. People with admin or write permissions for a project in an organization can copy the project and set the copied project as a template. Copy as Markdown In this article About templates Creating a new template Setting a project as a template Finding templates in your organization Copying a project as a template Configuring recommended templates Further reading About templates You can create a template, or set a project as a template, to share a pre-configured project with other people in your organization which they can then use as the base for their projects. The projects you mark as templates are shown in the "Create a project" dialog when anyone creates a project in your organization. You can also configure up to six templates to recommend to your organization's members. When someone creates a project from a template, the views, custom fields, draft issues and associated field values, configured workflows (except any auto-add workflows), and insights are copied from the template to the new project. You can find the template that a project used from the project's settings page, under the "Templates" section. Creating a new template In the upper-right corner of GitHub, click your profile picture, then click Organizations . Click the name of your organization. At the top of the screen, click Projects . In the left sidebar, click Templates . Click New template . Setting a project as a template If you have admin permissions for a project in your organization, you can set the project as a template and make it available for others in your organization to use. Navigate to your project. In the top-right, click to open the menu. In the menu, click Settings to access the project settings. In the "Templates" section, next to "Make template", select the switch to toggle it to On . Finding templates in your organization You can find all the templates in your organization on the "Templates" page. In the upper-right corner of GitHub, click your profile picture, then click Organizations . Click the name of your organization. At the top of the screen, click Projects . In the left sidebar, click Templates . You can also add templates to teams and repositories, to make them accessible and more visible from the team or repository's "Templates" page. For more information, see Adding your project to a team and Adding your project to a repository . Copying a project as a template If you have write or admin permissions for a project in your organization, you can choose to copy the project as a template. This will make a duplicate of the current project—copying the views, custom fields, draft issues and associated field values, configured workflows (except any auto-add workflows), and insights —and set that copied project as a template for your organization. Navigate to your project. In the top-right, click to open the menu. In the menu, click Settings to access the project settings. In the "Templates" section, click Copy as template . Configuring recommended templates If you are an organization owner, you can select up to six templates to recommend to your organization's members. These recommended templates are suggested first when an organization member creates a new project. Choosing which templates to recommend You can add up to six templates to your organization's recommended templates. In the upper-right corner of GitHub, click your profile picture, then click Organizations . Select an organization by clicking on it. Under your organization name, click Settings . If you cannot see the "Settings" tab, select the dropdown menu, then click Settings . In the "Code, planning, and automation" section of the sidebar, click Projects . Under "Recommended templates", click Customize recommended templates . In the list of templates owned by your organization, select up to six templates that you want to recommend to your members. Click Save . Arranging your recommended templates You can change the display order of your recommended templates in the "Create project" dialog. In the upper-right corner of GitHub, click your profile picture, then click Organizations . Select an organization by clicking on it. Under your organization name, click Settings . If you cannot see the "Settings" tab, select the dropdown menu, then click Settings . In the "Code planning, and automation" section of the sidebar, click Projects . Under "Recommended templates", find the template you want to reposition, click on , and drag the template to the new position. Further reading Creating a project Help and support Did you find what you needed? Yes No Privacy policy Help us make these docs great! All GitHub docs are open source. See something that&#x27;s wrong or unclear? Submit a pull request. Make a contribution Learn how to contribute Still need help? Ask the GitHub community Contact support Legal © 2026 GitHub, Inc. Terms Privacy Status Pricing Expert services Blog
