---
source_url: "https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/automating-your-project/using-the-api-to-manage-projects"
type: webpage
title: "Using the API to manage Projects - GitHub Docs"
captured_at: 2026-04-24T18:19:18.484395+00:00
contributor: "unknown"
---

# Using the API to manage Projects - GitHub Docs

Source: https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/automating-your-project/using-the-api-to-manage-projects

---

Using the API to manage Projects - GitHub Docs Skip to main content GitHub Docs Version: Free, Pro, &amp; Team Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Select language: current language is English Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Open menu Open Sidebar GitHub Issues / Projects / Automating projects / Automating with the API Home GitHub Issues Issues Learning about issues About issues Quickstart for GitHub Issues Planning and tracking work for your team or project Using issues Create an issue Adding sub-issues Creating issue dependencies Assign issues &amp; PRs Editing an issue View all issues &amp; PRs Browsing sub-issues Filter and search Create branch for issue Link PR to issue About slash commands Managing issue types Managing issue fields Using issue fields Administering issues Triage an issue Pin an issue Marking issues or pull requests as a duplicate Transfer an issue Close an issue Deleting an issue Duplicate an issue Projects Learning about Projects About Projects Quickstart for Projects Best practices for Projects Creating projects Creating a project Copying a project Managing items in your project Adding items Converting draft issues Editing items Archiving items Understanding fields About text and number fields About date fields About single select fields About iteration fields About issue fields About sub-issue fields About pull request fields About the issue type field Renaming custom fields Deleting custom fields Customizing views Changing the layout Customizing tables Customizing boards Customizing roadmaps Filtering projects Managing your views Automating projects Using built-in automations Automating with the API Automating with Actions Adding items automatically Archiving items automatically Viewing insights About insights for Projects Creating charts Configuring charts Managing your project Managing project visibility Managing project access Managing templates Closing and deleting projects Adding a project to a repo Adding a project to a team Exporting your project data Finding your projects Sharing project updates Labels and milestones Managing labels About milestones Create &amp; edit milestones Add to milestones Filter by milestone View progress to milestone GitHub Issues / Projects / Automating projects / Automating with the API Using the API to manage Projects You can use the GraphQL API to automate your projects. Tool navigation GitHub CLI curl Copy as Markdown In this article Authentication Using variables Finding information about projects Updating projects Managing projects Using webhooks This article demonstrates how to use the GraphQL API to manage a project. For more information about how to use the API in a GitHub Actions workflow, see Automating Projects using Actions . For a full list of the available data types, see Reference . Authentication In all of the following curl command examples, replace TOKEN with a token that has the read:project scope (for queries) or project scope (for queries and mutations). The token can be a personal access token (classic) for a user or an installation access token for a GitHub App. For more information about creating a personal access token, see Managing your personal access tokens . For more information about creating an installation access token for a GitHub App, see Generating an installation access token for a GitHub App . When using an installation access token for a GitHub App, some GraphQL mutations require additional permissions. For example, when using the createProjectV2 mutation, if you specify a repositoryId input parameter, the Contents permission for that repository is also required in order to link the project to the target repository. Note To learn more about GitHub CLI, see About GitHub CLI . Before running GitHub CLI commands, you must authenticate by running gh auth login --scopes "project" . If you only need to read, but not edit, projects, you can provide the read:project scope instead of project . For more information on command line authentication, see gh auth login . Using variables In all of the following examples, you can use variables to simplify your scripts. Use -F to pass a variable that is a number, Boolean, or null. Use -f for other variables. For example, my_org="octo-org" my_num=5 gh api graphql -f query=' query($ organization: String! $number : Int!){ organization(login: $organization){ projectV2(number: $number) { id } } }' -f organization=$my_org -F number=$my_num For more information, see Forming calls with GraphQL . Finding information about projects Use queries to get data about projects. For more information, see Forming calls with GraphQL . Finding the node ID of an organization project To update your project through the API, you will need to know the node ID of the project. You can find the node ID of an organization project if you know the organization name and project number. Replace ORGANIZATION with the name of your organization. For example, octo-org . Replace NUMBER with the project number. To find the project number, look at the project URL. For example, https://github.com/orgs/octo-org/projects/5 has a project number of 5. curl --request POST \ --url https://api.github.com/graphql \ --header 'Authorization: Bearer TOKEN' \ --data '{"query":"query{organization(login: \"ORGANIZATION\") {projectV2(number: NUMBER){id}}}"}' gh api graphql -f query=' query{ organization(login: "ORGANIZATION"){ projectV2(number: NUMBER) { id } } }' You can also find the node ID of all projects in your organization. The following example will return the node ID and title of the first 20 projects in an organization. Replace ORGANIZATION with the name of your organization. For example, octo-org . curl --request POST \ --url https://api.github.com/graphql \ --header 'Authorization: Bearer TOKEN' \ --data '{"query":"{organization(login: \"ORGANIZATION\") {projectsV2(first: 20) {nodes {id title}}}}"}' gh api graphql -f query=' query{ organization(login: "ORGANIZATION") { projectsV2(first: 20) { nodes { id title } } } }' Finding the node ID of a user project To update your project through the API, you will need to know the node ID of the project. You can find the node ID of a user project if you know the project number. Replace USER with your user name. For example, octocat . Replace NUMBER with your project number. To find the project number, look at the project URL. For example, https://github.com/users/octocat/projects/5 has a project number of 5. curl --request POST \ --url https://api.github.com/graphql \ --header 'Authorization: Bearer TOKEN' \ --data '{"query":"query{user(login: \"USER\") {projectV2(number: NUMBER){id}}}"}' gh api graphql -f query=' query{ user(login: "USER"){ projectV2(number: NUMBER) { id } } }' You can also find the node ID for all of your projects. The following example will return the node ID and title of your first 20 projects. Replace USER with your username. For example, octocat . curl --request POST \ --url https://api.github.com/graphql \ --header 'Authorization: Bearer TOKEN' \ --data '{"query":"{user(login: \"USER\") {projectsV2(first: 20) {nodes {id title}}}}"}' gh api graphql -f query=' query{ user(login: "USER") { projectsV2(first: 20) { nodes { id title } } } }' Finding the node ID of a field To update the value of a field, you will need to know the node ID of the field. Additionally, you will need to know the ID of the options for single select fields and the ID of the iterations for iteration fields. The following example will return the ID, name, settings, and configuration for the first 20 fields in a project. Replace PROJECT_ID with the node ID of your project. curl --request POST \ --url https://api.github.com/graphql \ --header 'Authorization: Bearer TOKEN' \ --data '{"query":"query{ node(id: \"PROJECT_ID\") { ... on ProjectV2 { fields(first: 20) { nodes { ... on ProjectV2Field { id name } ... on ProjectV2IterationField { id name configuration { iterations { startDate id }}} ... on ProjectV2SingleSele
