---
source_url: "https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens"
type: webpage
title: "Managing your personal access tokens - GitHub Docs"
captured_at: 2026-04-24T17:25:06.395532+00:00
contributor: "unknown"
---

# Managing your personal access tokens - GitHub Docs

Source: https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens

---

Managing your personal access tokens - GitHub Docs Skip to main content GitHub Docs Version: Free, Pro, &amp; Team Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Select language: current language is English Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Open menu Open Sidebar Authentication / Account security / Manage personal access tokens Home Authentication Account security Authentication to GitHub Create a strong password Switching between accounts Verifying devices on sign in Update access credentials Manage personal access tokens Reviewing your SSH keys Deploy keys Token expiration Review security log Security log events Remove sensitive data About anonymized URLs GitHub&#x27;s IP addresses SSH key fingerprints Sudo mode Unauthorized access Viewing and managing sessions Secure your account with 2FA About 2FA About mandatory 2FA Configure 2FA Configure 2FA recovery Access GitHub with 2FA Countries supporting SMS Change 2FA method Troubleshooting 2FA Recover an account with 2FA Disable 2FA Authenticate with a passkey About passkeys Manage your passkeys Sign in with a passkey Connect with SSH About SSH Check for existing SSH key Generate new SSH key Add a new SSH key Test your SSH connection SSH key passphrases SSH agent forwarding Managing deploy keys Troubleshooting SSH Use SSH over HTTPS port Recover SSH key passphrase Deleted or missing SSH keys Error: Host key verification failed Permission denied (publickey) Error: Bad file number Error: Key already in use Permission denied other-user Permission denied other-repo Agent failure to sign ssh-add &quot;illegal option&quot; error SSL certificate problem Error: Unknown key type SSH key audit Verify commit signatures Commit signature verification Existing GPG keys Generating a new GPG key Add a GPG key Tell Git about your signing key Associate email with GPG key Signing commits Signing tags Displaying verification for all commits Troubleshoot verification Check verification status Use verified email in GPG key Authentication / Account security / Manage personal access tokens Managing your personal access tokens You can use a personal access token in place of a password when authenticating to GitHub in the command line or with the API. Copy as Markdown In this article About personal access tokens Creating a fine-grained personal access token Creating a personal access token (classic) Deleting a personal access token Using a personal access token on the command line Further reading Warning Treat your access tokens like passwords. For more information, see Keeping your personal access tokens secure . About personal access tokens Personal access tokens are an alternative to using passwords for authentication to GitHub when using the GitHub API or the command line . Personal access tokens are intended to access GitHub resources on behalf of yourself. To access resources on behalf of an organization, or for long-lived integrations, you should use a GitHub App. For more information, see About creating GitHub Apps . A token has the same capabilities to access resources and perform actions on those resources that the owner of the token has, and is further limited by any scopes or permissions granted to the token. A token cannot grant additional access capabilities to a user. For example, a personal access token can be configured with an admin:org scope, but if the owner of the token is not an organization owner, the token will not give administrative access to the organization. Types of personal access tokens GitHub currently supports two types of personal access tokens: fine-grained personal access tokens and personal access tokens (classic). GitHub recommends that you use fine-grained personal access tokens instead of personal access tokens (classic) whenever possible. Note Fine-grained personal access tokens, while more secure and controllable, cannot accomplish every task that a personal access token (classic) can. See the section on Fine-grained personal access tokens limitations below to learn more. Both fine-grained personal access tokens and personal access tokens (classic) are tied to the user who generated them and will become inactive if the user loses access to the resource. Organization owners can set a policy to restrict the access of personal access tokens (classic) to their organization. For more information, see Setting a personal access token policy for your organization . Fine-grained personal access tokens Fine-grained personal access tokens have several security advantages over personal access tokens (classic), but also have limitations that may prevent you from using them in every scenario. These limits, and our plans to fix them, can be found in the section below . If you can use a fine-grained personal access token for your scenario, you'll benefit from these improvements: Each token is limited to access resources owned by a single user or organization. Each token can be further limited to only access specific repositories for that user or organization. Each token is granted specific, fine-grained permissions, which offer more control than the scopes granted to personal access tokens (classic). Organization owners can require approval for any fine-grained personal access tokens that can access resources in the organization. Fine-grained personal access tokens limitations Fine-grained personal access tokens do not support every feature of personal access tokens (classic). These feature gaps are not permanent - GitHub is working to close them. You can review our public roadmap for more details on when these scenarios will be supported. The major gaps in fine-grained personal access tokens are: Using fine-grained personal access token to contribute to public repos where the user is not a member. Using fine-grained personal access token to contribute to repositories where the user is an outside or repository collaborator. Using fine-grained personal access token to access multiple organizations at once. Using fine-grained personal access token to access Packages. Using fine-grained personal access token to call the Checks API. Using fine-grained personal access token to access Projects owned by a user account. All of these gaps will be solved over time, as GitHub continues to invest in more secure access patterns. Personal access tokens (classic) Personal access tokens (classic) are less secure. However, some features currently will only work with personal access tokens (classic): Only personal access tokens (classic) have write access for public repositories that are not owned by you or an organization that you are not a member of. Outside collaborators can only use personal access tokens (classic) to access organization repositories that they are a collaborator on. A few REST API endpoints are only available with a personal access tokens (classic). To check whether an endpoint also supports fine-grained personal access tokens, see the documentation for that endpoint, or see Endpoints available for fine-grained personal access tokens . If you choose to use a personal access token (classic), keep in mind that it will grant access to all repositories within the organizations that you have access to, as well as all personal repositories in your personal account. As a security precaution, GitHub automatically removes personal access tokens that haven't been used in a year. To provide additional security, we highly recommend adding an expiration to your personal access tokens. Keeping your personal access tokens secure Personal access tokens are like passwords, and they share the same inherent security risks. Before creating a new personal access token, consider if there is a more secure method of authentication available to you: To access GitHub from the command line, you can use GitHub CLI or Git Credential Manager instead of creating a personal access token. When using a personal access token in a GitHub Actions workflow, consider whether you can use the built-in GITHUB_TOKEN instead. For mor
