---
source_url: "https://docs.github.com/en/graphql/guides/using-pagination-in-the-graphql-api"
type: webpage
title: "Using pagination in the GraphQL API - GitHub Docs"
captured_at: 2026-04-24T17:25:04.775977+00:00
contributor: "unknown"
---

# Using pagination in the GraphQL API - GitHub Docs

Source: https://docs.github.com/en/graphql/guides/using-pagination-in-the-graphql-api

---

Using pagination in the GraphQL API - GitHub Docs Skip to main content GitHub Docs Version: Free, Pro, &amp; Team Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Select language: current language is English Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot Open menu Open Sidebar GraphQL API / Guides / Pagination Home GraphQL API Overview About the GraphQL API Public schema Breaking changes Changelog 2026 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Rate and query limits Reference Queries Mutations Objects Interfaces Enums Unions Input objects Scalars Guides Introduction to GraphQL Form calls with GraphQL Using global node IDs Migrate from REST to GraphQL Using GraphQL Clients Pagination Use GraphQL for Discussions Migrating global node IDs GraphQL API / Guides / Pagination Using pagination in the GraphQL API Learn how to traverse data sets using cursor based pagination with the GraphQL API. Copy as Markdown In this article About pagination Requesting a cursor in your query Changing the number of items per page Traversing the data set using pagination Next steps About pagination GitHub's GraphQL API limits the number of items that you can fetch in a single request in order to protect against excessive or abusive requests to GitHub's servers. When you use the GraphQL API, you must supply a first or last argument on any connection. The value of these arguments must be between 1 and 100. The GraphQL API will return the number of connections specified by the first or last argument. If the data that you are accessing has more connections than the number of items specified by the first or last argument, the response is divided into smaller "pages" of the specified size. These pages can be fetched one at a time until the entire data set has been retrieved. Each page contains the number of items specified by the first or last argument, unless it is the last page, which may contain a lower number of items. This guide demonstrates how to request additional pages of results for paginated responses, how to change the number of results returned on each page, and how to write a script to fetch multiple pages of results. Requesting a cursor in your query When using the GraphQL API, you use cursors to traverse through a paginated data set. The cursor represents a specific position in the data set. You can get the first and last cursor on a page by querying the pageInfo object. For example: query ( $owner : String ! , $name : String ! ) { repository ( owner : $owner , name : $name ) { pullRequests ( first : 100 , after : null ) { nodes { createdAt number title } pageInfo { endCursor startCursor hasNextPage hasPreviousPage } } } } In this example, pageInfo.startCursor gives the cursor for the first item on the page. pageInfo.endCursor gives the cursor for the last item on the page. pageInfo.hasNextPage and pageInfo.hasPreviousPage indicate whether there is a page before and after the page that was returned. Changing the number of items per page The first and last arguments control how many items are returned. The maximum number of items you can fetch using the first or last argument is 100. You may need to request fewer than 100 items if your query touches a lot of data in order to avoid hitting a rate or node limit. For more information, see Rate limits and query limits for the GraphQL API . Traversing the data set using pagination Once you return a cursor from a query, you can use the cursor to request the next page of results. To do so, you will use the after or before argument and the cursor. For example, assuming the pageInfo.endCursor value from the previous example was Y3Vyc29yOnYyOpHOUH8B7g== , you can use this query to request the next page of results: query ( $owner : String ! , $name : String ! ) { repository ( owner : $owner , name : $name ) { pullRequests ( first : 1 , after : "Y3Vyc29yOnYyOpHOUH8B7g==" ) { nodes { createdAt number title } pageInfo { endCursor hasNextPage hasPreviousPage } } } } You can continue to send queries with the new pageInfo.endCursor value returned in the response until there are no pages left to traverse, indicated by pageInfo.hasNextPage returning false . If you specified the last instead of the first argument, the last page of results will be returned first. In this case, you will use the pageInfo.startCursor value and the before argument to get the previous page of results. Once pageInfo.hasPreviousPage returns false , you have reached the last page. For example: query ( $owner : String ! , $name : String ! ) { repository ( owner : $owner , name : $name ) { pullRequests ( last : 1 , before : "R3Vyc29yOnYyOpHOHcfoOg==" ) { nodes { createdAt number title } pageInfo { startCursor hasPreviousPage } } } } Next steps You can use GitHub's Octokit SDK and the octokit/plugin-paginate-graphql plugin to support pagination in your scripts. For more information, see plugin-paginate-graphql.js . Help and support Did you find what you needed? Yes No Privacy policy Help us make these docs great! All GitHub docs are open source. See something that&#x27;s wrong or unclear? Submit a pull request. Make a contribution Learn how to contribute Still need help? Ask the GitHub community Contact support Legal © 2026 GitHub, Inc. Terms Privacy Status Pricing Expert services Blog
